[Music]
Very good my dear lovers of the
heart I hope you are enjoying
this beginning of the weekend some of me
am probably still working and will
start tonight but anyway I wish you all
a great weekend that you have a
wonderful time I have this news
that is going to surprise you a lot and it
seems that Marta Riesgo has just
discharged herself you know that she just
discharged herself from her home she was
not feeling well it didn't make us
depressed although she had not known how to
handle the controversy and the repercussions
that this was having but she is back with a
desire to party because yesterday when she
announced it on her Instagram account in her
stories that we were watching
live by the way we realized that she was
wearing the same sweatshirt that
Antonio de Abril was wearing the day of the
reading photos okay you know that that
same day was when they were live with
other youtubers among those who were
talking about Claro and Ave Nocturne who by the
way were I will tell you nothing she
told us nothing she is already living she escapes because my
mouth is very loose and
things escape me but well I will tell you
the next few hours and audit the little
surprise
the question is what she wants to tell us not
wearing the same sweatshirt it could be
cantons David is undoing the citadel
in his house and he's winking at her
or not on the contrary the sweatshirt is hers we do
n't know but the question is that yesterday she
chose the same sweatshirt to announce
her return and things don't stay there things do
n't stay there in the family because
maybe it seems like an
insignificant detail but today in this
instagram story that you're seeing on screen
that I'm not going to Bolivia because of the volume
because it has a copyright this I don't want
me to lie down in the video but she has
the song on it is awesome
you know the song is on now
that it's so fashionable didn't they
use the other day with Rocío
Carrasco the song Lanceta this there are
a lot of people who are taking it as a hint there was no
other song
no let's see it's a coincidence it's too much of a
coincidence I don't know what you all think and I do
n't know what you understand by this
hint because if it were I bet if it were an hint it
would be an hint in
favor of Rocío Carrasco I mean because if it
were an  indirect in favor of Rocío
Carrasco would fit with what they want in
Sálvame would fit with what they want in
Sálvame that Marta Riesco is
there selling herself as a victim
so be very careful very careful
because we don't know where the trigger may go we do
n't know where
the trigger may go of course
always give your opinion with respect in
the comments box and we'll see you in the
next video in a little while a
hug family and thanks for all the
support that this channel is having
[Music]